I
de verizon was a kitchen utensil I think
it would be a cheese grater a blender
cork screw dead rising 3 is pour sand
box filled with zombies filled with
weapons you versus a horde of enemies on
xbox one we've been able to create a
huge world it's larger than both our
previous games combined multiple times
over there's always a lambda marc bolan
there's always a very recognizable
skyline fully streaming no load times no
waiting a true open web game our new
generation a zombies are smarter and way
more deadly oh my god if I could note
something about when it was alive cop
zombies prisoner zombies we have
football player zombies from the local
high school just going to take you right
to the ground
every zombie is a snowflake
a couple things that we did with
connected actually really tie into the
core gameplay experience is one is with
audios you can actually I'll just
distract them by just yelling out in the
room which is actually pretty funny
looking for a snack you know we have so
much more horsepower here let's actually
invest and how they can see in here and
actually use some of this really cool
real-time lighting as some of the things
that they can see as well you can use
players you can use headlights you can
set traps in the environment dead rising
3 is all about improvisational gameplay
do what you want and play how you want
or you can put on a banana hammock and
decapitate zombies online with your
buddy if you want you know get attacked
by a zombie and you know she just look
at it for a moment you're actually
seeing Ewing teeth and tongue and little
finger nails you slice them up cut them
up chop their arms off chop their heads
off makes you think twice before you
kill it or perhaps it doesn't
big world filled with zombies you gotta
run around and scavenge client supplies
fight back this is you ready to gut do
to explosm there's too many zombies
anything and everything is a weapon you
don't have to stop for anything pick
everything up on the run you put the
vine weapons create new combinations
when you grab this sledge saw and you
kind of line up to a zombie and just
start slicing you're putting them down
the center it's like see the ridge
before you just start splitting apart
it's amazing
you